#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.0
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.10.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
attrs==24.2.0
    # via aiohttp
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
datasets==2.21.0
    # via
    #   evaluate
    #   setfit
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
evaluate==0.4.2
    # via setfit
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2024.6.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
huggingface-hub==0.24.6
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   setfit
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.8
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via torch
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
networkx==3.3
    # via torch
numpy==2.1.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
packaging==24.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   setfit
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
pillow==10.4.0
    # via sentence-transformers
pyarrow==17.0.0
    # via datasets
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2024.7.24
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
safetensors==0.4.4
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   setfit
scipy==1.14.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==3.0.1
    # via setfit
setfit @ git+https://github.com/huggingface/setfit.git
    # via superpilot (setup.py)
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
sympy==1.13.2
    # via torch
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via transformers
torch==2.2.2
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.66.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.44.2
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via requests
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
